ESP32-H2 support (#13)
espressif/esp32c3-direct-boot-example: README.md

### esptool.py

> To flash binaries into the ESP32-C3/ESP32-H2, [esptool.py](https://github.com/espressif/esptool) is used.

Reviewer: Given that direct boot can also be supported on other chips, perhaps we could rewrite this to avoid having to keep expanding the list. For example,
```suggestion
To flash binaries into the chip, [esptool.py](https://github.com/espressif/esptool) is used.
```

Author: Agreed.
In that case it is better to name the target "chip" everywhere and then provide supported chips list.

## Memory layout

> The following diagram illustrates the run-time memory layout and binary image layout when direct boot is used for ESP32-C3.

Reviewer: Is the diagram not valid for H2? If no, could we add a new one or update the existing one to be valid for both chips?

Author: No, for the H2 there should be another diagram.
H2 has only one rom, so all sections as: _entry, .text and .rodata are in the same address space. 
Also the address of this rom space is also different. 

@igrr , Is there any chance to get the editable project of this diagram?

As it is obvious from the diagram, some parts of this mapping are unnecessary. These parts are shown in gray on the right. For example, `.text` section gets mapped not only to the IROM, but also to DROM, even though code execution only happens through IROM.

Such uniform mapping was chosen simply because it is universal, and can be set up by the ROM code without any prior knowledge about the application being loaded. This mapping isn't in any way a limitation of ESP32-C3 cache hardware; for example, ESP-IDF 2nd stage bootloader maps only those regions which are necessary in the given part of the address space.

The run-time memory layout and flash binary image layout shown above are achieved in the linker script ([ld/esp32c3/common.ld](ld/esp32c3/common.ld)) by specifying the LMAs (load addresses). LMAs start at 0, and match the addresses in flash. VMAs for IROM (`entry` and `.text`) and DROM (`.rodata`) sections are set in such a way that LMA == VMA - BASE, where *BASE* is the starting address of IROM or DROM. Non-cached `.data` section is then added at the next available LMA.

### ESP32-H2

![img/esp32h2-directboot.svg](img/esp32h2-directboot.svg)

> ROM bootloader maps the 0 – 4 MB region of flash to the CPU address space: to the "ROM" region using the data cache and the instruction cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROM bootloader maps the 0 – 4 MB region of flash to the CPU address space using the cache and the Flash MMU.
```
